+++
title = "Web Application Based Automatic Classification of Skin Cancer using CNN, ISIC 2017 Challenge"
date = ""

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = []

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["3"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
 publication = ""
 publication_short = ""

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract_short = "in this work, CNN regressor architectures were explored to automate and minimize the time spent during the treatment planning of brachytherapy." 
abstract = "deployed a modern website which allows the user to input images taken directly from a camera of a possible cancer lesion region. The website then returns a classification result (nevus, seborrhoeic keratosis or malignant melanoma) by means of an email to the registered email of the user. MySQL database was used to store the details of the user. Combination of Javascript and Java was used to design the client-side and the server-side. Additionally, Apache Struts2 was used to adopt modular model–view–controller (MVC) architecture. For the server side, a modified version of the AlexNet architecture was trained from scratch using the Deeplearning4j library. The images used during training and testing were taken from the publicly available dataset from the ISIC 2017: Skin lesion analysis towards melanoma detection challenge 2017."
# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = "headers/bubbles-wide.jpg"
caption = ""

+++

