+++
title = "Automatic Skin Lesion Segmentation for Melanoma Detection using CNN, ISIC 2017 Challenge"
date = ""

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = []

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["3"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
 publication = ""
 publication_short = ""

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract_short = "in this work, CNN regressor architectures were explored to automate and minimize the time spent during the treatment planning of brachytherapy." 
abstract = "iused the publicly available dataset from the ISIC 2017: Skin lesion analysis towards melanoma detection challenge to segment skin cancer lesion automatically using a modified implementation of the U-Net. The main motive of the project was to obtain a better result on the same test-set compared to other existing techniques. The work was implemented using Keras with Tensorflow in the back end."
# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = "headers/bubbles-wide.jpg"
caption = ""

+++

More detail can easily be written here using *Markdown* and $\rm \LaTeX$ math code.
