+++
title = "Retinal Vessel Segmentation in Color Fundus Images"
date = ""

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = []

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["3"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
 publication = ""
 publication_short = ""

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract_short = "in this work, CNN regressor architectures were explored to automate and minimize the time spent during the treatment planning of brachytherapy." 
abstract = "initially, implementation included applying line filter on the green channel in order to segment the vessel structures present in the input image. Next, by proposing a novel post-processing technique of removing noisy edges generated due to the presence of the optic disk followed by growing the region of the segmented vessels, result was obtained that surpassed the current state of the art method. The work was implemented using C++ and OpenCV."
# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = "headers/bubbles-wide.jpg"
caption = ""

+++

More detail can easily be written here using *Markdown* and $\rm \LaTeX$ math code.
