+++
title = "{Tool for Automated Pectoral Muscle Segmentation in Digital Mammograms using OpenCV"
date = "2017-02-02"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = []

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["3"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
 publication = ""
 publication_short = ""

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract_short = "in this work, CNN regressor architectures were explored to automate and minimize the time spent during the treatment planning of brachytherapy." 
abstract = " implemented a reusable module for automated pectoral muscle segmentation. The algorithm consisted of using canny edge detection to detect some points in the boundary of pectoral muscle followed by curve fitting to segment the whole region. The tool is meant to be used as a prepossessing step, where it allows quick masking out of the pectoral muscle."
# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = "headers/bubbles-wide.jpg"
caption = ""

+++

More detail can easily be written here using *Markdown* and $\rm \LaTeX$ math code.
