+++
title = "Design, Measurement and Performance Enhancement of a Miniaturized Implantable Antenna for Biomedical Applications "
date = "2017-02-02"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = []

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["3"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
 publication = ""
 publication_short = ""

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract_short = "in this work, CNN regressor architectures were explored to automate and minimize the time spent during the treatment planning of brachytherapy." 
abstract = "a novel design for a rectangular patch biomedical implantable antenna was developed and simulated in a human tissue mimicking environment. The main purpose of such antennas is to contribute in the field of biomedical telemetry in order to allow wireless communication from biomedical devices embedded inside living body to external monitors/controllers. The antenna was designed and simulated in CST Studio."
# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = "headers/bubbles-wide.jpg"
caption = ""

+++

